{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
About The Artist\
\
Ines Chuaqui is an artist working out of Vancouver, British Columbia. She was born in Chile, moving to Canada in her early teens. Her love and passion for nature are fuelled by her intimate experiences of various habitats on the Pacific Coast of Chile and British Columbia, as well as James Bay in Northern Quebec. \
\
Working with mixed media and acrylics, her goal is to capture the sensuality and ethereal qualities of nature by gently deconstructing the images. She is fascinated by the diversity of textures and elemental moods in the natural environment and strives to express these in her work\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Skull Series\
\
This portrait-like series touches on the idea of \'91Memento Mori\'92 (remember you will die or the fleetingness of life). This idea is expressed using different symbols such as Spring or Summer  flowers, animal or bird skulls which are then juxtaposed so as to merge life and death as inseparable. \
\
\
Frost Series\
\
This collection reflects the otherworldly beauty of plant life captured by winter\'92s frost while keeping it temporarily suspended in time.  \
\
\
Individual Work\
\
These pieces all revolve around the abstraction of nature in some form or other so as to create a new composition. \
\
\
\
}